<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" xmlns:cc="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/components" xmlns:composite="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite" xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">

<composite:interface></composite:interface>

<composite:implementation>
	<p>The following screenshot shows the main view of the MusicExplorationApp. It basically consists of four components: exploration area, details area, recommendations, and playlist.</p>
	<br />
	
	<h:graphicImage value="/resources/img/list-view-main.png" styleClass="helpDialogImage" />

	<h2>Exploration area</h2>
	<p>The central part of the application is the exploration area. In here, you can see 13 top-level genres, such as pop, classic, and hip hop. In the row of each of these 
	top-level genres, two sample artists for this genre are being displayed. In the row of their genre you can also find the currently selected artist (i.e. the artist being displayed 
	in the details area (see below)). Apart from browsing artists by their genres, you can also search for particular artists by using the search bar in the upper right corner.</p>
	<h:graphicImage value="/resources/img/list-view-sub0.png" styleClass="helpDialogImage" />
	
	<p>If you click on one of these genres, its branch of the genre tree opens and its subgenres show up. For each of these subgenres, you are again presented with two sample artists, 
	which are representative for the corresponding subgenre.</p> 
	<h:graphicImage value="/resources/img/list-view-sub1.png" styleClass="helpDialogImage" />
	
	<p>If you click on one of the subgenres, it also opens its corresponding tree branch and you are presented with all artists that are assigned with this subgenre. Note, that 
	many artists come with several genres and can thus be found in more than one subgenres. The artists contained in this dataset are also just an excerpt (about 9000) of the 
	entire set of artists at Spotify.</p>
	<h:graphicImage value="/resources/img/list-view-sub2.png" styleClass="helpDialogImage" />
	
	<h2>Details area</h2>
	<p>The details area consists of two parts: your currently selected artists and your currently selected song:</p>
	<h:graphicImage value="/resources/img/details-view-full.png" styleClass="helpDialogImage" />
	
	<h3>Currently selected artist</h3>
	<p>Here you find the artist you have previously selected. The given information for each artist is:</p>
	<ul>
	<li>Image: The picture that is saved for this artist at Spotify.</li>
	<li>Genres: A list of genres based on Spotify’s metadata for the current artist.</li>
	<li>Artist’s top tracks: A list of the 10 most popular tracks by this artist. This list is sorted in decreasing order of popularity. When you click on one of the songs, 
	it will be displayed in the area for the currently selected song.</li>
	</ul>
	<h:graphicImage value="/resources/img/details-view-selected-artist.png" styleClass="helpDialogImage" />
	<br />
	<h3>Currently selected song</h3>
	<p>Here you find the song you have selected. Besides the controls for playing, pausing, and changing the song position, you also find two buttons at the bottom of this view: 
	the add-to-playlist button and the like button.</p>
	<h:graphicImage value="/resources/img/details-view-selected-song.png" styleClass="helpDialogImage" />
		
	<h4>Add-to-playlist button</h4>
	<p>When you click this button, you add the currently selected song to the playlist in the playlist area (see below). Each song can only be added once to the playlist. Adding 
	a song <span class="emph">does not influence your recommendations</span> nor will it have any impact on your Spotify account.</p>
	
	<h4>Like button</h4>
	<p>When you click this button, you express that you like the currently selected song. You can remove this like by clicking the button again. Either way, clicking this button will trigger 
	an immediate recalculation of your personal recommendations (see below). This will <span class="emph">not influence your Spotify account</span> and your liked songs there.</p>

	<h2>Playlist area</h2>
	<p>This area contains all the songs that you have previously added to the palylist using the add-to-playlist button. In case you want to remove a song, click the "x" button next to 
	to the song in the playlist. This MusicExplorationApp playlist is independent of any playlists that may be stored in your Spotify account.</p>
	<h:graphicImage value="/resources/img/details-view-playlist.png" styleClass="helpDialogImage" />
	
	<h2>Recommendation area</h2>
	<p>As soon as you have liked at least one song during your interaction with the MusicExplorationApp, you will find a list of personalized song recommendations in the recommendation area. 
	Recommendations are only influenced by the likes you express in this interface. Neither your likes (heart icon) within Spotify, nor the songs on your playlist, nor the 
	songs you've listened to will affect your recommendations.</p>
	<h:graphicImage value="/resources/img/details-view-recommendations.png" styleClass="helpDialogImage" />
	
	<p>By clicking on one of your recommendations, it will be displayed in the area for the currently selected songs. Apart from being displayed here, artists with liked or recommended songs 
	are also shown in the main exploration area. Liked artists appear in <span class="preferredItem">green color</span>, recommended artists appear in <span class="recommendedItem">fuchsia color</span>. </p>
	<h:graphicImage value="/resources/img/list-view-recommendations.png" styleClass="helpDialogImage" />
</composite:implementation>
</html>